some guys Chuck Skinner here this is my
new channel welcome if you've been
keeping up with my Facebook and Twitter
pages you will have known that my Jack's
at 46 channel is no longer available
been deleted unfortunately I can't get
it back I know which this is my new
channel today I'm going to do a review
on my new guitar that I've recently
purchased so I hope you like it and
let's go okay and here is my new bass
guitar is a bc rich warlock polo Greg
Leto signature five string okay now go
through the features on this bass
starting with the tuners they are bc
rich diecast tuners which are pretty
amazing they keep in tune anyways it's
also says pfg signature v PF g being his
initials polo francesco craig Galasso
and also bc rich there as well this bass
has 24 jumbo frets black binding on the
body and on the headstock the body is
made of basswood or bass wood the
fretboard is made of ebony the bridge is
an adjustable stop the pickups are beast
bc rich active bass humbuckers the
controls are as follows volume blend
bass and treble and the jack input is
there if i turn it over its the back you
can see got the cavity plate here the
battery pack for the pickups here
it's our bolt on neck and the neck is
made of maple okay now I'm going to play
some stuff from the bass
so that was my PC rich warlock polo Greg
lasso signature five string I hope you
enjoyed this video
I do recommend if you find if you're
lucky enough to find one of these basses
definitely go for it because it is a
mighty fine bass I just got lucky I
guess cuz you don't get them anymore I
go mine secondhand so yeah very looking
ok thanks for watching